issues #1625 and #1596 - apply search parameter filters on init (#2942)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRSearchConfiguration.md

> Tenant search parameters are defined via a [Bundle](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/r4/bundle.html) of [SearchParameter](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/r4/searchparameter.html) resources that define the additional search parameters which describe the searchable field and define the FHIRPath expression for extraction.  For example, a tenant that extends the `Patient` resource type with the `favorite-color` extension, enables search on `favorite-color` by defining a SearchParameter as part of this bundle.

Reviewer: change date at top?

Author: done

## 1 Configuration

> Search parameter definitions come from the core specification, packaged implementation guides, and other resources provided to the registry via the FHIRRegistryResourceProvider SPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search parameter definitions come from the core specification, packaged implementation guides, and  resources provided to the IBM FHIR Server's registry (FHIRRegistry) via the FHIRRegistryResourceProvider SPI.
```
I had to read the above twice for clarity, when I reread without "other", the sentence was a bit easier to read.  I'm not sure that we mention the registry elsewhere in this document, so I clarified it's the IBM FHIR Server registry.

Author: Given that the very next paragraph is all about loading the SearchParameter definitions from the registry, I think I might be able to nix the whole sentence.

Author: done

> Since IBM FHIR Server 4.10.0, *all* SearchParameters are loaded from the `fhir-registry` in the `fhir-search` module during server startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since IBM FHIR Server 4.10.0, *all* SearchParameters are loaded from the `fhir-registry` into the `fhir-search` module during server startup.
```

Author: used `by`

> Although FHIRRegistry is dynamic, changes to search parameters in the registry (e.g. addition, removal, or modification of parameters) will *NOT* be reflected in the running server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although FHIRRegistry is dynamic, changes to search parameters in the registry (e.g. addition, removal, or modification of SearchParameters) are *NOT* reflected in the running server. One must restart the server in order to apply the changes.
```

Author: done

In previous versions, only the built-in parameters were loaded from the registry, whereas tenant-specific parameters were loaded from `extension-search-parameters.json` files in the tenant config folders.

> For backwards compatibility, IBM FHIR Server 4.10.0 contains a new FHIRRegistryResourceProvider that reads these same `extension-search-parameters.json` files and contributes their contents to the registry, so that this same mechanism can still be used.

Reviewer: possibly one paragraph

Author: I took this suggestion.

### 1.1 Tenant-specific parameters
To configure tenant-specific search parameters, create a file called `extension-search-parameters.json`, placing it in the `${server.config.dir}/config/<tenant-id>` directory. For example, the `${server.config.dir}/config/acme/extension-search-parameters.json` file would contain the search parameters for the `acme` tenant, while `${server.config.dir}/config/qpharma/extension-search-parameters.json` would contain search parameters used by the `qpharma` tenant.

> If a tenant-specific extension-search-parameters.json file does not exist, the server falls back to the default `extension-search-parameters.json` file found at `${server.config.dir}/config/default/extension-search-parameters.json`. For performance reasons, we recommend having an `extension-search-parameters.json` for each tenant.

Reviewer: We don't hit it after startup? does it cause issues now?

Author: For better or worse, the new ExtensionSearchParametersResourceProvider impl will work the same way as the previous behavior...it will use TenantSpecificSearchParameterCache to cache the `extension-search-parameters.json` contents.  So the same guidance still applies, even though the parameters will only ever be loaded on startup.

The IBM FHIR Server caches search parameters in memory (organized first by tenant id, then by resource type).

> As of IBM FHIR Server 4.10.0, updates to a tenant's `extension-search-parameters.json` file will requiring a server re-start before they are picked up. Additionally, to apply the new search parameter configuration to previously-ingested resources, it is necessary to perform reindexing.

Reviewer: Combine the first sentence with line 24?

Author: done

}
```

> See the [FHIR Performance Guide](FHIRPerformanceGuide#65-search-examples) for more information.

Reviewer: Good catch... would not have seen that right away
